GRASP, Copyright Bruce Allen, 1997

manual.tex contains the LaTeX source for the GRASP manual.
  For convenience, the manual contents are broken up into sections
  (chapters) with names of the form man_*.tex, and are \include{}'ed
  into the manual.

To print out the entire manual, first do "latex manual", then
dvips manual, then print manual.ps.

manual.ps contains the postscript equivalent

manual.pdf contains the portable document format equivalent.
 NOTE: This requires version 3.0 or later of the Acrobat Reader.
 It is not compatible with version 2.1 of the PDF file standard.

If you want to work on a section of the manual, please modify
the \includeonly{} statement at the beginning of the manual
to include only the section that you are working on.  This will make
it easier -- you only need to latex your particular section.
In any case, you will still  do "latex manual", then
dvips manual, then print manual.ps to show only your section.

To build a personal version of the manual that you can work on,
modify, and experiment with, just recursively copy (cp -r)
the doc directory and its subdirectories to a personal location where
you can modify them.  Then issue the command 
 latex manual
You will have to do this three times, to generate the *.aux files
containing crossreferences, and the .toc and .idx files containing
the tables of contents and the index.

To build the different files (manual.pdf, manual.ps, etc) for the
GRASP releases we use the script make_manuals.

The figures included in the manual (postscript) are in Figures/

manual_bw.ps is the black-and-white pages (only) of the manual

manual_color.ps is the color pages (only) of the manual

make_tex_from_C uses the lgrind program to make *.tex files from *.c files

All of the *.c files which are displayed in the manual are created
from the source directories using a program called "lgrind".
To make this program, go into the grinder/ directory, and type "make".

make_postscript uses the public-domain program dvips to produce postscript
     from manual.dvi

One of the best ways to read the manual, online, is to recompile it
with the command:
  latex manual
Then read it using the xdvi public domain utility:
  xdvi manual &
You need to do this WITHIN the GRASP/doc directory, or else xdvi will
not be able to find the postscript figures and images.

If you have ghostscript properly installed on your system, when this
has been done you can also see the (color) pictures and graphs
which are incorporated into the manual.tex file.
